Update README.md (#1)
RayStick/BreathingTasks_PsychoPy: README.md

BreathingTasks_PsychoPy
==============
PsychoPy code to display visual instructions for a 'Breath Hold' and a 'Cued Deep Breathing' task. 

Written with PsychoPy3.0.5

Tips for using this code:
--------------

> - It is designed to be used alongside recordings of end-tidal CO2 and O2 via a nasal cannula, during MRI, but can be used with other set-ups. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is designed to be used alongside recordings of end-tidal CO2 and O2 via a nasal cannula, during MRI, but can be used with other set-ups.
- If you are sampling exhaled CO2 and O2, it is good practice to measure the partial pressure of these recordings before the scanning session (to appropriately calibrate your gas analyzer within your recording environment, in order to convert signal recordings from Volts to mmHg).
```

Author: Thanks!

> - Press '5' when it says 'waiting for scanner ...' to manually start the breathing task instructions. Or set this input to be whatever the MRI sends to indicate the first volume of data is being acquired so that your breathing task will be synchronized to the start of your scan. 

Reviewer: It would be nice to add an example of this code, if you have it around - you could add it yourself and comment it in the real code, or add it here indicating where to add it.

> - Press '5' when it says 'waiting for scanner ...' to manually start the breathing task instructions. Or set this input to be whatever the MRI sends to indicate the first volume of data is being acquired so that your breathing task will be synchronized to the start of your scan. 

Reviewer: It would be nice to add an example of this code, if you have it around - you could add it yourself and comment it in the real code, or add it here indicating where to add it.

Author: What example do you mean?

Author: See line 19, `from psychopy.hardware.emulator import launchScan`

Author: Is this what you were getting at?

> - Always practice with the participant beforehand to make sure they understand the task instructions and can achieve the desired end-tidal changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always practice with the participant before the main experimental session to make sure they understand the task instructions and can achieve the desired end-tidal changes. If possible, practice while monitoring the physiological signals closely. Pay particular attention to the **exhalations preceding and following** the hold: if they are not performed well, you won't be able to use the recorded data in the most appropriate way. See the png files in this repo, which show an example of good task compliance. 
```

Reviewer: I don't know if there is something to pay *particular attention to* during the practice for the CBD!

The CO2 and O2 recordings, measured here in mmHg, should look something like this (showing 3 trials, note the increased CO2 end-tidal after the hold):

![image1](https://github.com/RayStick/BreathingTasks_PsychoPy/blob/main/BH_BreathingTrace.png)

**For CBD**: There is a 'Get Ready' to warn the participant that the breathing instructions are about to appear. Then 'IN' and 'OUT' will cue the deep breaths - participants should be told that these breaths need to be deeper than their normal breaths. 

The CO2 and O2 recordings, measured here in mmHg, should look something like this (showing 2 trials, note the decreased CO2 end-tidals after the deep breaths):

![image2](https://github.com/RayStick/BreathingTasks_PsychoPy/blob/main/CDB_BreathingTrace.png)

> Use a peak detection algorithm to create the end-tidal trace from breathing traces like this. A linear interpolation is often using between each sampled end-tidal value. 

Reviewer: You could give examples of peak detection algorithms to adopt (e.g. peakdet, neurokit, whatever matlab offers, ...)

Author: Yes, I will! Thanks
